Heskey is now about five stories up with
no ropes or safety harness that net will
break in orangutangs fall but it may not
save him from this height one slip and
it's all over he can't afford to let
anything go wrong I think these are
definitely like now Bonnie's awake
she'll never let go the tree it'll be
impossible to drop her safely into the
net with both feet firmly on the ground
it's easy for Miko to come up with an
ambitious new plan anything on Mona I
got getting on one dollar rep ended up
adding in a car anyway Hestia will have
to climb down the tree with one hand
lowing 18 kilos of semi-conscious
orangutan with the other
it's a neat rumbling descent even the
banter below has stopped things could go
very wrong very quickly that one yes I
anything but Bonnie is in no mood to be
thrown out of a tree yet Lane being at
it yeah Michael yeah I got I got a buddy
in both yeah a little in her groggy
state bonnie is grabbing on to anything
she can including her skier if she falls
now she's taking him with her
papaya
hi Bonnie
at last she's down and seemingly no
worse for her venture pesky who risked
his life in a tree higher than a block
of flats but he takes this all in his
stride for him it's just another day at
the office